Native mid-circuit measurements support composite measurements, etc. (phase 2) (#5120)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

   ((0.25+0j)*(PauliX(wires=[0]))) + (0.25j*(PauliY(wires=[0]) @ PauliZ(wires=[1])))
   ```

<h3>Improvements 🛠</h3>

* The `default.qubit` device handles measurement value lists when executing mid-circuit measurements natively.
  [(#5120)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/5120)

* The `default.qubit` device handles composite measurements when executing mid-circuit measurements natively.
  [(#5120)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/5120)

* The `default.qubit` device handles post-selection when executing mid-circuit measurements natively.

>   [(#5120)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/5120)

Reviewer: I think these can be merged into a single entry.

> * The `default.qubit` device handles measurement value lists when executing mid-circuit measurements natively.
>   [(#5120)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/5120)
> 
> * The `default.qubit` device handles composite measurements when executing mid-circuit measurements natively.
>   [(#5120)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/5120)
> 
> * The `default.qubit` device handles post-selection when executing mid-circuit measurements natively.
>   [(#5120)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/5120)

Reviewer: Let me know what you think about this. I think either is fine though.

```suggestion
* The `default.qubit` device now supports mid-circuit measurements without the use of the deferred measurement
  principle when using finite shots. This includes all features supported with `qml.defer_measurements`, including
  classical control, collecting statistics, and postselection.
  [(#5120)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/5120)
```

Author: Thanks @mudit2812 , read much better for a user. I copy-pasted and added a bit to it.
